Release notes and highlights for 2.11.0 release (#7428)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/highlights-2.11.0.asciidoc

[[release-highlights-2.11.0]]
== 2.11.0 release highlights

[float]
[id="{p}-2110-new-and-notable"]
=== New and notable

New and notable changes in version 2.11.0 of {n}. Check <<release-notes-2.11.0>> for the full list of changes.

[float]
[id="{p}-2110-kibana-stack-config-policy"]
=== Allowing Kibana configuration in stack configuration policies

> ECK 2.11.0 supports managing Kibana Authentication Policies via Stack Config Policies (see https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/master/k8s-securing-stack.html[examples]).

Reviewer: From our internal guidelines:
> Avoid terms that include actions: click, tap, press, see
> Try replacing them with: choose, select, check

```suggestion
Starting with ECK 2.11.0 Stack Config Policies can be used to configure security realms and authentication methods, refer to <<{p}-securing-stack>> for some examples.
```

Author: @barkbay  I used a combination of both yours, and @pebrc suggestion here. Let me know if this works for both of you.

[float]
[id="{p}-2110-agent-statefulset-deployment-option"]
=== StatefulSet as a deployment option for Elastic Agent

> ECK 2.11.0 supports running Elastic Agent as a StatefulSet (see https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/blob/main/config/recipes/elastic-agent/ksm-sharding.yaml[example]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ECK 2.11.0 supports running Elastic Agent as a StatefulSet, you can find link:{eck_github}/blob/{eck_release_branch}/config/recipes/elastic-agent/ksm-sharding.yaml[an example in the ECK GitHub repository].
```
